Oh, I don't know. Maybe a janitor. The people who clean at our company think the company is their home.
Do you really not know me?
Hey, who do you think you are that I need to know? Do you think you're the daughter of the chairman of Samsong Group or something? That's really funny. There's no way the chairman's daughter would be here. Especially dressed as shabbily as you are.
You're just a team leader at Samsong Group, so I don't need to know you.
I don't need to know you. Do you really think you're something special? Let me tell you. My fiancé is the chief lawyer of the Samsong Group. He's the right-hand and left-hand man of the Samsong Group's young lady. He's parking outside right now.
She'll be here soon.
That's great.
I'm parking outside right now! Should I call them out immediately? I'll expose your true identity right away. I'll make sure you can't live in Seoul anymore.
Soyeong, you don't need to lose your job because of Mom.
Mom, it's okay.
Tell them to call that woman over. I want to see the lawyer's face. I want to know who the lawyer is that will make it impossible for me to live in Seoul.
Honey, are you done parking? There's someone here pretending to be the chairman's daughter.